Many people in life choose a career early in their life my oldest brother
in high school decided that he wanted to be a veterinarian and have
a large animal veterinary practice in the small town in the rocky
mountain west. He grew up in Illinois went to university of Illinois
got a degree in chemistry, then got admitted to veterinary medical
school which in Illinois is harder to get into the medical school
is and got a DVM and became a veterinarian moved we will Wyoming and
lasted exactly five and a half years. He hated it, he couldn't do it
he was there that he was a wonderful veterinarian but he wasn't good
at the the personal part of being a veterinarian. So he left that
and went to work for a number of large organizations that were doing
research and he wound up not only doing research, but he finally wound
up living on the east river in New York City working for two different
large firms- Pfizer and Ciba - doing drug registration internationally.
So when the new drug was produced by one of those firms
for veterinary use, he would go to these foreign countries and figure
out how to get the license so it can be sold there. So basically what
he wound up doing was something was more legal work than veterinary
medical work. How did I choose my career, unlike my oldest brother
I just kind of waltzed into it I got picked for cryptology by the
marine corps and loved it. I practiced law with my dad for a few years
did like that very much. Went back to academia and I've loved it
in academia. And I'm in academia largely because the navy reserve buddy
of mine no what have you once said what it's going to work for
us it might merit in doing research and that's where I got started with
Martin Marietta and then I got hired by Caltech, fom mark Marietta.
So sometimes life just takes care of you and it certainly took care
of me